# Documentation via Docsify

## Agenda

1. Learning Objectives
1. Warm-Up: JWT (5 minutes)
1. Go over Tutorial (15 minutes)
1. Documentation Driven Development (20 minutes)
1. BREAK (10 minutes)

## Learning Objectives

1. Define what Document Driven Development means with regard to software engineering.
2. Practice using Document Driven Development in conjunction with Docsify in order to kick off the Custom API project.
3. Deploy a live, autogenerated documentation website on Github Pages.

## Warm-Up: JWT (5 minutes)

With a partner or small group, answer the following questions:

1. What is JWT (JSON Web Token), and how does it allow us to verify that a user is logged in?
1. How is JWT different than session tokens?
1. How was JWT used in the tutorial? (Hint: Look at Part 7.)

## Go over Tutorial (15 minutes)

Go over the [Reddit.js Tutorial](https://www.makeschool.com/academy/track/reddit-clone-in-node-js) Part 7 and review how to use `jwt.sign()`, `jwt.decode()`, and `jwt.verify()`.

## Documentation Driven Development (20 minutes)

### Philosophy

1. From a user's perspective: if a **feature is not documented**, then it **doesn't exist**.
1. If a feature is **documented incorrectly**, then it's **broken**.

#### Strategy

* **Document the feature first**. Figure out how you're going to describe the feature to users.
  * **Remember**: if it's not documented, it doesn't exist.
  * Documentation is the **best way to define a feature**; without it, how will the user know a feature exists?
* Whenever possible, **review documentation with users _before_ ANY development** begins.
* Once documentation has been written, commence development. [TDD](Lesson09.md) is preferred.
* Unit tests should be written that test the features as described by the documentation.
  * If **functionality no longer aligns with the test, the test should fail**.
* When a feature is being modified, it should be **modified documentation-first**.
* When **docs are modified, tests are modified**. No exceptions.
* **Documentation and software** should both be **versioned**:
  * **Versions should match**: someone working with an old version of your software still needs to locate and use the proper documentation.

#### Order of Operations

1. Write docs
2. Get feedback
3. [TDD](Lessons/Lesson09.md) (tests fully align with documentation)
4. Push features live
5. Test live functionality
6. Publish documentation
7. Increment versions
8. Deliver feature to users

## In Class Activity I (30 Minutes)

### Everyone Do: Code With Me

Using the [docsify documentation](https://docsify.js.org), instructor will present a live demonstration of a fresh `docsify` integration, step-by-step, allowing students enough time between steps to create their own working documentation website for a sample project.

If you haven't yet started your project, clone the [starter code](https://github.com/Make-School-Labs/auth-api-starter) to get started on your project.

## BREAK (10 minutes)

### Students Do: Custom API Project

Add documentation to your [Custom API Project](../Projects/02-Custom-API-Project.md) based on what we just achieved together in class today.

## After Class

Continue adding documentation to your [Custom API Project](../Projects/02-Custom-API-Project.md) based on what we learned in class today.

Submit your project proposal via Gradescope by 11:59pm.

## Additional Resources

* [docsify](https://docsify.js.org)